[Music]
during the spookiest time of the year
there are a few guidelines all ghosts
and goblins should follow always stay on
sidewalks never go to a stranger's house
and never go out alone
[Music]
this is the one night that all sorts of
things all these traditions wait wait
what supposed to keep it lit why a
tradition putting on costumes
o-5 you look great what do we do now we
meet our dates jack-o'-lanterns why are
we here to pay our respects to the dead
the Halloween school bus massacre I've
started to protect us but nowadays no
one really cares
Alyssa it's them
[Music]
it's real
tonight is about respecting the customs
not breaking them
[Music]